# Claude 3 - Image Catalog

This project contains source code and supporting files for a serverless application that you can deploy with the SAM CLI. It includes the following files and folders.

* Amazon S3
- To receive images and send them to be processed using S3 Events
- To store and host processed images and a static hosted HTML page
* API Gateway
- To accept a GET request from a static hosted HTML page
* AWS Lambda
- To receive the S3 event and process the image
- To accept a GET request and provide the user with the image data
* Amazon Bedrock
- To leverage Calude 3 and provide an AI generated summary and category
* Amazon DynamoDB
- To store the information generated by Claude 3 / Amazon Bedrock

The application uses several AWS resources, including Lambda functions and an API Gateway API. These resources are defined in the `template.yaml` file in this project. You can update the template to add AWS resources through the same deployment process that updates your application code.

## Deploy the sample application

The Serverless Application Model Command Line Interface (SAM CLI) is an extension of the AWS CLI that adds functionality for building and testing Lambda applications. It uses Docker to run your functions in an Amazon Linux environment that matches Lambda. It can also emulate your application's build environment and API.

To use the SAM CLI, you need the following tools.

* SAM CLI - [Install the SAM CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/serverless-application-model/latest/developerguide/serverless-sam-cli-install.html)
* [Python 3 installed](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
* Docker - [Install Docker community edition](https://hub.docker.com/search/?type=edition&offering=community)

To build and deploy your application for the first time, run the following in your shell:

```bash
sam build --use-container
sam deploy --guided
```

## Deploy the front end

Once your SAM stack is deployed ensure you copy your frontend files to the S3 bucket for images

